Manual for 7Bot GUI by Pinaut

Before start application:
- install processing to your computer
- install ControlP5 library (used for the sliders and IK fields)

Setup in the code:
PORT_ID =  5;// Your should change PORT_ID accoading to your own situation.
wait = 90; // 90 seconds pause before start play again (pressing 'P' start move manualy while pause) 
speedMax = 250; // 50-250 maximum servo speed (good above 180!)
boolean DEBUG = false; // extended data window

After start the application the arm goes to his home position and the program is in record mode and ready for teach in.
- Uper area is for IK teach (inverse kinematic)
- Middle area displays the boolean switches and servos positions
- Lower are includes couple buttons

Teach by hand:
1) Select the'TEACH' button: The arm change to unpowered and you can move by hand.
2) Press 'ADD' or hit 'SPACE' on the keyboard: A step is recorded.

Teach with IK functions:
1) Select the 'IK' button: The arm goes to default IK Position (X=0, Y=200, Z=150)
The IK field are the X and Y axis. The slider near a field is the Z axis
2) Move the arm with the mouse while klick in the IK field or drag the point (crosshair)
3) Use the Vector56 fields to rotate the Hand relative to the arm position. The hand will keep his orientation while move the arm.
3a) Press 'FOCUS' to to rotate the Hand pointing to a fixed coordinates. The hand change his orientation pointing to a spot defined in the Vector56 field while move the arm
4) Use Vecor67 fields to rotate the gripper or sucker 
5) Press 'ADD' or hit 'SPACE' on the keyboard: A step is recorded.

- You can change between manual teach in and IK teach in while programming the arm
- while in IK teach mode key 'K' enables move the arm with the arrow keys along the X,Yaxis. ',' and '.' for the Zaxis
- Delete the last added step with 'CLR'
(future updates will be able edit the poses step by step)

Save, load and rename a sequence:
The sequences are saved as a excel file (sequenceName.csv) and located in the folder 'Data' in the sketch folder
To save a sequence klick the 'SAVE' button. Enter a Name without! file extension
To load a sequence klick the 'LOAD' button and choose a sequence
